Why does she always look so familiar?
Don, I respect your family name.
But this crosses every line in the book.
This isn't how we do business.
Someone is trying to smear my family's name.
Now she's not involved anymore. She resigned.
Let her go.
No, no, no. She's responsible.
How do we know she didn't do it on purpose?
Let me make myself crystal clear.
She is my fiance.
Do you think she would smear my name?
Just give me time and I will figure it out, okay?
Maybe you should start with your own household on.
You again?
Did I not teach you enough of a lesson the other day?
This isn't your business.
Anything that involves Laurent is my business.
Besides, I think we have quite a story here.
What are you implying?
My eyes works better than yours.
This was obviously aimed at Laurent.
And I think we both know who wants to hurt her.
If you're suggesting Vivian, there's no way.
She would never risk sabotaging my family's name.
Of course. What did I expect?
We'll see. I guess we will.